to start with what I'm going
to do is I'm going to remove
this hunk of fat because no
matter what most of our consumers
are not going to want that particular chunk
of fat on either the roast or the steak
there's also a little tiny muscle just
sitting on top and this particular muscle is
the grains are moving diagonally and it's
not a particularly tender muscle so what
i will do is I will remove it simply because
it will throw off the rest of this sirloin
now now we have the option where it's not uncommon
to use this as an entire roast and so you
could tie it just like so the other way
that you'll often see this merchandise in a
grocery store is they will cut steaks from it
like so
so this is
a very traditional sirloin steak
and as you can tell I have a large piece of the
cap here this would be that butt piece and this
would be that medallion piece of that baseball
end where I originally had to remove that fat i'm
going to use that as my seam and this seam will
allow me to open up and remove this cap entirely
removing the excess fat
this is what we would traditionally
refer to as the picanha
from here
we can cut steaks from it and I'm going
to be cutting my steaks against the grain
and this will make my steaks appear to be a lot
more tender and these steaks are beautiful because
they're a lot like a striploin steak as you
can tell they got that nice beautiful fat cap
on the outside and we can we can carve that down
if we choose or we can leave that on just as it is